welcome back to review recapped
today we will be showing you an indian
super thriller movie named and dardun
spoilers ahead sit back and enjoy the
movie begins with a farmer who is seen
hunting an annoying partially sighted
hair in a cabbage field beside a highway
the hare runs away and hides behind a
milestone on the highway the farmer
spots it and aims to shoot with his gun
this is the beginning of the movie
next we see a talented but seemingly
blind pianist akash attempting to
complete a musical piece and in search
of a perfect tune
he is also accompanied by a black and
white cat
after some time we see him going down
the stairs with a stick
his neighbor a small boy keeps pranking
him by putting a string on his way just
to check if he is truly blind or not
akash trips down and falls to the ground
scolding and warning him not to do that
again
later we see a former bollywood star
anil promote entering his house carrying
a crab in a bucket we see his wife see
me preparing food in the kitchen while
promote is seen recording her video on
his phone we later get to know that the
couple is married for three years and
the wife is desperate to work in films
the same day akash is knocked over while
crossing the road by sophie whose father
owns a diner sophie offers him job as a
pianist at her father's restaurant she
takes him to the restaurant to meet his
father
after some time she drops akash to his
place on a scooty here we get to know
about his secret he quickly goes
upstairs in his room removes lens from
his eyes and enjoys watching see me
passing by from the window at the same
time we see the small kid spying on him
from downstairs
later in the evening at the restaurant
everyone including neil parmod is seen
enjoying akasha's musical performance
after some time sophie drops him back to
his flat while going up the stairs
akash's glasses drop off so he quickly
picks them and goes to his room at the
same time the small kid is seen hiding
and spying on him again
the next night at the restaurant anil
invites akash over to his apartment for
a private performance for himself and
his wife for their anniversary he also
gives him cash in advance and goes back
to his apartment
at night time anil and simi are both
seen relaxing watching his old film
where simi reminds him of their
anniversary thinking he forgot anil
tells her that he will be going out of
town for some important work and will be
back later in evening
the next afternoon when akash reaches
promotes flat simi opens the door and is
reluctant to let him in saying that her
husband is not home and he can come
tomorrow to meet him akash tells her
that he got advance payment for the
private performance by anneal for their
anniversary at the same time one of the
neighbors is seen spying on them so simi
quickly lets him inside as he is
settling in simi pretends to call parmod
in front of him and says he will be
there in 10 minutes
by that time she is convinced that he is
totally blind and she asks him to play
something
as soon as akash begins to play he
immediately notices someone's body lying
on the floor with blood however he
ignores and continues to play the piano
to maintain his charade of blindness
akash then excuses himself and goes to
the bathroom as he enters the bathroom
there is another man manner hiding with
a gun but akash acts very normal as if
he is unaware of him since he is assumed
to be blind on his return to the piano
he identifies the body as that of
promote
simi and manohar clean the body up
silently and stuff it in a suitcase to
be disposed off while akash is seen
playing the piano supposedly unaware
in a flashback it is revealed that
promote who had earlier lied to his wife
about going out of town in reality had
gone to bring anniversary gifts to
surprise simi on entering the house with
gifts he sees a gun on the table and
next he catches simi making out with his
loverman ohar
afterwards akash goes to the police
station as soon as he utters the word
murder he sees manohar there and shuts
his mouth
he discovers that manohar is the senior
inspector there
akash gets confused on seeing him and
lies about the murder of his cat manohar
gets suspicious about him and thinks he
might not be blind
so in order to confirm this he goes to a
cautious place to inquire about his
blindness and also his cat
later we see reporters reporting about
parmods death on the social media and
news channels
at the funeral the next day we see that
the old lady who happens to be simi's
neighbor tells the police officer that
she had witnessed some activities that
day
simi plans to kill the neighbor who had
noticed manohar's entry into the flat
next we see akash reaches sime's place
to give piano lessons to danny as soon
as akash gets to the door he sees see me
pushing the old lady off from the
balcony once again he is forced to
continue his charade of being unaware of
either of the murders
after that incident akash returns to his
place the small kid acts very smartly
this time he somehow manages to record a
video of akash to prove that he is not
blind
later see me shows up at akash's place
gives him some sweet and asks for coffee
she pours poison in his coffee in front
of him to see if he has it or not akash
purposely drops the cup and simi
immediately takes out gun from her bag
and threatens to kill him we see akash
cracking up about his fake blindness
assuring her that he won't tell anything
to anyone and that his only aim is to
leave for london
however he begins to choke realizing
that a suite that cemi had given him
earlier was poisoned and he collapses
after some time sophie comes by and sees
that the neighbor child had recorded a
video of akash moving about like a
normal person
furious sophie knocks at akasha's door
into her surprise she sees see me there
thinking they both have an affair she
gets heartbroken and leaves him
when akash wakes up he realizes that he
actually cannot see fervently washes his
eyes
he realizes he has been blinded by simi
she tells him to focus only on his music
and that no one would believe his story
of the two murders since he was a blind
man
after a discussion with manohar they
decide that blinding akash would not be
enough as he could still reveal details
manohar goes to a cautious place to kill
him after a tense struggle akash escapes
out to the road and faints
he is seen waking up in a shady clinic
dr swami and his two assistants plan to
sell his kidneys and get money later on
we see akash traps them by saying he can
get them more money if they kidnap simi
so they managed to kidnap her
on the other side akash informs
manohar's wife about their affair and
blackmail manohar into bringing one
crore rupees to a specified location at
this point several twists come about the
assistants tie akash up with siemi to
claim all of the money for themselves
they then get the money from manohar who
shoots one of them but gets trapped in
an elevator by the other manohar then
ends up accidentally shooting himself
the money they got from manohar is
eventually revealed to be fake money
meanwhile on the other side desperate
akash removes simi's blindfold and
thinks she would guide him on how to
escape but simi frees herself and
attacks him dr swami enters and they
both tie simi in the trunk of a car and
begin driving dr swami reveals his plans
to get simi's organs for six crore
rupees and pay for a cautious cornea
transplant but akash is not happy to
hear his plan
two years later in europe traveling
sophie meets akash still apparently
blind with dark glasses at one of his
gigs in europe where he tells her the
entire story
akash then continues with his story that
while dr swami was with him in the car
he stopped to make simi unconscious
again but as he goes to the trunk he is
swiftly overpowered by simi
simi then takes control of the car
akash thinking that it is still dr swami
at the driving seat continues to
convince him to let him and see me go
hearing this simi drops akash off and
drives away but changes her mind and
turns around intending to run him over
at this point the hair from the
beginning of the movie slams into her
windshield causing her to lose control
and crash
the car explodes killing simi with it
sophie hears the entire story and
sympathize with him
she tells akash that he should have
taken simi's organs and gotten his sight
back
the movie ends showing akash
leaving with the help of his stick which
has a rabbit carved on its handle
once out of sight
he uses the stick to smartly hit a can
out of his path
thanks for watching
please subscribe and turn on
notification to help us grow